This is the team, on one page.
p02
The Employees screen is where you go when the question is about a person, not a wash.
p03
Headcount up top, a few charts, then the directory.
p04
Start with the four tiles.
p05
They give you the whole crew at a glance.
p06
Everyone on the books, who's active, and the full-time against part-time split,
p07
so a staffing question gets answered before you ever scroll to the table.
p08
Now the charts.
p09
The first tracks headcount over the last year, and right now it's trending up.
p10
When someone asks whether the team is growing, this is your answer in one line,
p11
and you skip pulling a report to get it.
p12
The middle chart splits your people by site.
p13
It's the fast read on where everyone actually sits,
p14
which is exactly what you want when one location calls in short a body on a Saturday morning.
p15
Third chart, same crew, different cut.
p16
Full-time against part-time as a percentage, plus the count of anyone inactive.
p17
It says the same thing as the tiles, drawn for the eye.
p18
Down to the directory.
p19
Notice the two buttons in its corner.
p20
One exports data, one starts a new hire.
p21
We're only reading today, so find them and leave them where they are.
p22
Read the column headers.
p23
Name, phone, hire date, type, status, location.
p24
Six columns, and the name cell doubles as a badge:
p25
an avatar and the person's role sit right next to who they are,
p26
so the job is obvious before you open a thing.
p27
Look at one row.
p28
A shift manager, full-time, active, at one of the sites.
p29
Run your eye down the role chips
p30
and you've read half the team's jobs without opening a single record.
p31
On a real site the roster runs long.
p32
That's what the search box and filters are for:
p33
type a name, narrow the list, jump to your person.
p34
Here it's a five-row sample, so everyone already fits on one page.
p35
Click a name to open the record.
p36
One click, and the list becomes a person.
p37
The header introduces him with a role chip, his site, and his employment type.
p38
Three buttons sit beside it, and Back is the only one we touch.
p39
Below, five tiles size him up fast:
p40
three years in, a hundred sixty eight hours this month,
p41
attendance above ninety seven percent, and a performance score of four point six.
p42
Look across the top of the file.
p43
Seven tabs: overview, personal info, employment, schedule,
p44
emergency contact, notes and audit, and training.
p45
That's the whole person, sorted into seven drawers, and you land in the first one.
p46
Worth knowing this layout is the live one, not the old WashAssist record.
p47
Stay on Overview.
p48
This is the dashboard for one person, five panels deep.
p49
Hours worked, month by month.
p50
How those hours split between regular time, overtime, and leave.
p51
Attendance across the year, with every missed shift counted.
p52
Earnings, closing in on fifteen thousand for the year.
p53
And a review trend running well above the location average.
p54
When a manager asks how someone is doing, this one tab answers it.
p55
Six more tabs sit beside Overview.
p56
Each one is a drawer.
p57
Personal info holds identity and address, with the social masked.
p58
Employment carries role, pay, reporting line, and benefits.
p59
Schedule pairs the current week with recent time clock punches.
p60
Emergency contact adds the medical basics.
p61
Notes and audit keeps a dated trail of every change to the record.
p62
And training tracks Academy courses, with an assign button we leave alone.
p63
One rule holds this whole lesson.
p64
We opened the record, read it, and changed nothing in it.
p65
Editing a person is a real workflow with its own approvals, and this lesson stays clear of it.
p66
So click Back.
p67
The list returns, and the record sits exactly as you found it.
p68
So that's the Employees page.
p69
A directory up front: headcount, a few charts, and a table you can search.
p70
Behind any name, a seven-tab file with Overview as its home.
p71
When a shift question walks in, start here
p72
and let the rest of the Team module branch off from it.